{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margb1134\margt1417\vieww13100\viewh18040\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 MAXON CINEBENCH Readme\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 \
MAXON CINEBENCH is so easy to understand and use that no manual is really required. However, here is some information about some advanced options.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Saving results
\b0 \
MAXON CINEBENCH does not have a separate "Save\'85" option. The results of a benchmark will automatically be saved when you quit the program. If an identical benchmark results file exists, MAXON CINEBENCH will ask if it should be replaced or saved as a new file.\
\

\b Sharing results
\b0 \
If you want to share your benchmark results, please make sure to fill out the Info field with the computer type you have tested (i.e. manufacturer and model or "John Doe's Office PC"). The file containing your result can be found inside the cb_ranking folder next to the MAXON CINEBENCH application. There are various places on the internet that publish MAXON CINEBENCH results for comparison. Just search for "cinebench results".\
\

\b File menu \'96 Keep Best Score
\b0 \
If you have run the benchmark multiple times in a row, this option assures that only the best score will be kept for the ranking. Due to the technology of modern operating systems and CPU designs it is possible that the benchmark results will differ slightly from time to time. For more information on this subject please refer to the technical info section at www.cinebench.com.\
\

\b File menu \'96 Advanced Benchmark\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 If you enable this option you will be offered another test option called "CPU (single core)". This test will run MAXON CINEBENCH as if there were only one CPU core available in your machine. This can be useful to have an indicator of how well the computer performs single-threaded tasks. It also calculates an MP ratio, which indicates how much speed-up there is between single core and multi core. Additionally, the reference match will be displayed, which shows how close the graphics card display is to the reference image.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 File menu \'96 Run all Selected Tests\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 If you previously enabled Advanced Benchmark, check boxes were placed next to each test procedure. This command starts all checked tests at once. Be careful when executing this command on older computers. If the graphics card test fails, the procedure will be interrupted. Also rendering both single core and multi core tests can take quite long on slow computers.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 File menu \'96 Preferences\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 Here you can change the language of the MAXON CINEBENCH interface. You can also manually define a custom number of up to 256 render threads, even if your machine does not have that many cores. This feature is only rarely needed but may be useful for some very advanced benchmarking cycles.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 Command line options
\b0 \
It is also possible to launch MAXON CINEBENCH with command line options. Please refer to your operating system manual on how to start an application using the command line. After the name of the application enter one of the options listed below. MAXON CINEBENCH will then be executed, run the specified test, then quit and display the result in the command line console. The result is not saved as a file.\
\
The following options are available:\
"-cb_cpu1" - runs only the Single Core test procedure\
"-cb_cpux" - runs only the Multi Core test procedure\
"-cb_opengl" - runs only the OpenGL test procedure\
"-cb_all" - runs all test procedures sequentially
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \'a9\'a0Copyright 2013, MAXON Computer GmbH}